That all looks great!

I have one more question before we move on:
Is there ANYTHING else, python library wise or otherwise, that I might want/need to install via command line? Are there any interesting things out there that I might find fun? I see "pip" in your command. Do I need to install pip? Or is that already installed?

After answering that, let's move on. I need help orienting myself and outlining the project.
I'm not sure whether to begin by going to Discord and creating/registering the bot, by setting up a github repository (online and locally) and a way to push/pull/interact with it (I have VS Code), or by downloading repositories and such and jumping straight into the code first. I need you to help me sort through everything that needs to be done, simplify it, and organize it into a well formed plan.

I'd like for you to create an outline for the project. It should summarize the process, one step at a time. There should be minimal description here, but enough that you and I will know what it means later on.

Oh, and this is the actual purpose of the bot, the reason we're working on this project (you're my project partner <3). I want you to go through it one step at a time, walking me through it as carefully as you can.

The Avrae bot for dndbeyond.com has some slash commands, but most of the combat commands (as well as some others) begin with text based prompts, such as "!i"
I don't like this, as slash commands are more modern and would prompt for arguments that might otherwise be forgotten or left out.
I'd like to create a bot that accepts slash commands, then outputs the command in a way that Avrae will understand and act upon.
I've listed the two primary pages for the commands, one for the DM and one for the Players, below.
Is there some way to comb through those and see if we can list out all of the slash commands we might need, and how they'd look?

This URL is where the commands for DMs are listed (for combat):
https://avrae.readthedocs.io/en/latest/cheatsheets/dm_combat.html

And this is where the commands for Players are listed (for combat):
https://avrae.readthedocs.io/en/latest/cheatsheets/pc_combat.html